---
hero_img: ../images/cloud-hero.png
---

The Hub is the fastest way to start building and experimenting with Textile technologies. 

It provides hosted [Buckets](../buckets/index.md) and [Threads](../threads/index.md) with persistent IFPS endpoints. It includes developer accounts for individuals and organizations and API keys integration into apps.

!!! Warning
    The Hub is still built on a handful of experimental protocols. You should build on the API knowing that many of them, and therefore the Hub, are still in Beta. Please [report any issues you experience](https://github.com/textileio/textile/issues).

## Security

Textile is still under heavy development and no part of it should be used before a thorough review of the underlying code and an understanding APIs and protocols may change rapidly. There may be coding mistakes, and the underlying protocols may contain design flaws. 

*Please let us know immediately if you have discovered a security vulnerability.*

Please also read the [security note](https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs#security-issues) for go-ipfs.

## Available commands

To get started, you'll be using the Hub client. The layout of the Hub CLI mirrors the services available, for example:

* `hub threads` provides limited access to ThreadDB.
* `hub buck` provides access to Buckets.
* `hub keys` create and expire API keys.
* `hub orgs` lets you create multi-developer organizations for collaboration.

Once you've set up an account on the Hub, you can start accessing those resources right away. 

Additionally, you can use the API keys to grant restricted access to your Hub resources to the end-users of your own apps and services.

## Roles

### Developers
Developers are the primary account owner. Using the CLI, developers can:

* Create new API keys.
* Create and join new Organizations and access admin APIs.
* Create your own Buckets and Threads.

### Organizations
You and your collaborators. Members can:

* Share admin control of API keys.
* Share access to and synchronize Bucket state across all members.
* Referenced through docs as simply, `Org`.

### Users
Accounts generated by your apps using a `User Group` API key.

* Your app can create Threads and Buckets owned by these users.
* Users can then add or remove content from those assets based on their identity.
* Users *cannot* use the CLI and *cannot* create new API keys.

## Billing

Textile billing allows you to only pay for what you use. We offer a generous free tier so you can signup and build right away. Billing can be setup using the Hub CLI for your Personal account or any Organization you create. If you need volume discounts or dedicated support, please contact us at [support@textile.io](mailto:support@textile.io).

| API Pricing | Free Limit | Cost |
| :------ | :------ | :------ |
| Storage | {{billing.free_stored_data}} |  {{billing.stored_data}}
| ThreadDB Reads | {{billing.free_instance_reads}} |  {{billing.instance_reads}}
| ThreadDB Writes | {{billing.free_instance_writes}} |  {{billing.instance_writes}}
| Network Egresss | {{billing.free_network_egress}} |  {{billing.network_egress}}

_Storage includes all data pinned to IPFS. It does not include archives you submit to Filecion_

**Grace Period**

Billing starts on any account the first time they go over any **Free Limit**. When an account triggers billing the first time, they will enter a **30-day** grace period in which they should complete billing setup on their account. Billing can be set up on an account at any time by using the Hub CLI (`hub billing --help`).

**Other Quotas**

Each entity above has its own quota no matter which *role* it is (Developer, Org, or User). 

| Limits | |
| :------ | :------ |
| Max Threads Per Owner | {{limits.max_threads_per_owner}} |
| Max Single Bucket Size | {{limits.max_bucket_size}} |
| Minimum Filecoin Deal Size | {{limits.minimum_filecoin_deal_size}} |

## Next steps

### Install & Create Account

The Hub is API driven and available through the command-line tool and developer libraries. To use the Hub, you need to download the command-line interface and create an account.

<div class="txtl-options half">
  <a href="../hub/accounts" class="box">
    <h5>Textile Hub Accounts</h5>
    <p>Download the CLI and create your free Hub account.</p>
  </a>
</div>

<div class="txtl-options">
  <a href="../hub/accounts" class="box">
    <h5>Create an Account</h5>
    <p>Start using hosted services by creating your free account.</p>
  </a>
  <span class="box-space"> </span>
  <a href="../hub/apis" class="box">
    <h5>Connect your Apps</h5>
    <p>Learn how to use the Hub's APIs in your app.</p>
  </a>
  <span class="box-space"> </span>
  <a href="../hub/cli/hub" class="box">
    <h5>Hub CLI</h5>
    <p>Read the full CLI documentation.</p>
  </a>
</div>
