# Basic identity

In this seciton, we're going to focus on identity. Specifically, we're going to create user identities using private-keys. The Textile Hub supports public-key infrastructure (PKI) allowing your app to support many different user identity providers based on PKI (e.g. 3Box, uPort, Blockstack) or derive your own.

## Key-based identity access

Your application can grant users access to your Hub APIs very easily. When doing so, the Hub can also help you verify that the users are who they claim to be using encryption. The general flow is as follows:

1. A user attempts to sign-in by providing their _public key_.
2. Your app creates a one-time challenge for the users.
3. The user signs the challenge with their _private key_ to generate _credentials_.
4. Your app verifies the credentials.

Below, we will simplify these steps by using the Hub's helpful token generation endpoint that _also_ does credential verification.

## Generating an identity

In this example, we'll use an identity generated by the [Libp2p](https://libp2p.io) crypto library and made available through the `@textile/threads-core` library.

**Install dependency**

```bash
npm install --save @textile/threads-core
```

**Generating Identities**

You can use the `Libp2pCryptoIdentity` utility to generate random new identities (private and public keys) and later, to sign challenges to prove private key ownership.

```typescript
import {Libp2pCryptoIdentity} from '@textile/threads-core';

/** Random new identity */
const identity = await Libp2pCryptoIdentity.fromRandom()

/** Convert to string. */
const identityString = identity.toString()

/** Restore an identity object from a string */
const restored = Libp2pCryptoIdentity.fromString(identityString)
```

All of the instances above are different representations of the same user generated by `Libp2pCryptoIdentity.fromRandom()`. Each instance holds a different copy of the user's private-key and therefore should remain private between your app and your user.

## Caching user identity

You can add simple client-side caching to store a user's identity in the browser and restore it when the user returns to the app.

!!!warning
    `localStorage` isn't guaranteed and may be cleared by the browser, the system, or the users. Even more important, `localStorage` isn't a secure place to store secrets. You should provide alternative storage mechanisms if maintaining identity (and therefore data ownership and access) over time is important.

```typescript
import {Libp2pCryptoIdentity} from '@textile/threads-core';

const getIdentity = async (): Promise<Libp2pCryptoIdentity> => {
  /** Restore any cached user identity first */
  const cached = localStorage.getItem("user-private-identity")
  if (cached !== null) {
    /** Convert the cached identity string to a Libp2pCryptoIdentity and return */
    return Libp2pCryptoIdentity.fromString(cached)
  }
  /** No cached identity existed, so create a new one */
  const identity = await Libp2pCryptoIdentity.fromRandom()
  /** Add the string copy to the cache */
  localStorage.setItem("identity", identity.toString())
  /** Return the random identity */
  return identity
}
```

## Signing transactions

The `Libp2pCryptoIdentity` object contains a signing method, allowing your app to now sign arbitrary bytes for your users. You can create your own identity verification endpoint or use the Hub's token endpoint to verify the credentials.

```typescript
import {Libp2pCryptoIdentity} from '@textile/threads-core';

const identity = await getIdentity();

const challenge = Buffer.from('Sign this string');

const credentials = identity.sign(challenge);
```

<br />